= Project Meeting 20.09.2023 08:15 - 09:00 (MS Teams)
== Participants
- Prof. Dr. Farhad Mehta
- Lukas Streckeisen
- Jann Flepp

== Agenda
- Finalizing of SA task description
- Questions:
-- How detailed does the project documentation have to be? -> as we see fit
-- Are there formatting requirements for documentation? -> no
-- Do we have to grand access to Jira, GitHub & Figma= -> yes