= Project Meeting 19.12.2023 08:15 - 08:45 (MS Teams)
== Participants
- Prof. Dr. Farhad Mehta
- Lukas Streckeisen
- Jann Flepp

== Agenda
- Clarification of some questions regarding submission:
  - Is our current document structure (with separate document for project mgmt) ok: Yes.
  - Could Prof. Dr. Farhad Mehta execute the PoC application on his computer: Yes
  - Is AVT the only place where we have to submit our files: AVT is for the department, make ZIP file with everything available to advisor
- Set date for Feedback meeting: 16.01.2024 15:00